#Helps you to create reports for your webapps on the fly.

= Introduction =

Easy Web Reports framework is a combination of Client side(js) and Server side libraries(java classes) which takes care of the User Interface,async requests,database access,report rendering etc .So the developer just need to specify the queries and the magic happens .The Grid representation is powered by [http://www.dhtmlx.com] DHTMLX Library.


= Get Started =


  * Download the *gc.war* file and deploy it in your application server
  * Import the sql(MySql) file *grid.sql* to your database.You can find this file in the root folder of the application or in Downloads. 
  * Configure your database properties *"WEB-INF/classes/jdbc.properties"*.
  * Restart your application server and go to http://localhost:8080/gc to see the Demo .

= Reports Customization  =
   Before starting our reports customization,let's know about 3 important files in the application.
  * index.html ==> The view page for reports.
  * JsonService.jsp ==> Service page which returns the data as Json.
  * reportCtrl.js  ==> Is the controller page,which is responsible for handling requests,making async calls,handling responses,handling errors etc.

We've a 2 level navigation menu defined in a json called *navigationMenu* in the file *reportCtrl.js*.First level is the report Section and the second  is List of reports in that section.Change the labels as per your needs.Each report Item  should have an unique Id.This Id will be used as a reference to the Sql Query in *JsonService.jsp*.
So When any report link is clicked the Id  will be passed to *JsonService.jsp* and corresponding sqlQuery will be executed and data will be returned as Json.


So change the labels of the items or add items of your own or add sections of your own in the json and add sql Queries for the respective reportIds.That's all folks.


= Adding HTML elements in reports =

Just add it to your sql query in JsonService.jsp

{{{ 
  * select foo,bar,concat("<a href='#'>Edit<a>") edit  from table
  * select foo,bar,concat("<button>Click Me<button>") clickme from table
}}}

_Don't forget to add alias to the column names if you use any sql functions like IF,CONCAT(),DATE_FORMAT() etc otherwise the report will not be rendered propery_


= Adding Filters,Column Sortings to reports =

You do that in JsonService.jsp .
{{{
case 101:
     sqlQuery="select foo,bar from table";
     filters="#text_filter,#select_filter";
     colSorts="str,str";
break;
}}}
Available filters : #text_filter,#select_filter.
Available Sortings: int,str,date .(Integer,String,date).

Refer [http://docs.dhtmlx.com/doku.php?id=dhtmlxgrid:toc] for more information

